README.md, before:

# deep-rename-keys [![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/deep-rename-keys.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/deep-rename-keys) [![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/deep-rename-keys.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/deep-rename-keys) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/jonschlinkert/deep-rename-keys.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/jonschlinkert/deep-rename-keys)

Recursively rename the keys in an object.

## Install

Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```sh
$ npm install deep-rename-keys --save
```

## Usage

```js
var renameKeys = require('deep-rename-keys');

var obj = rename({a: {a: {a: 'b'}}}, function(key) {
  if (key === 'a') return 'zzz';
  return key;
});
//=> {zzz: {zzz: {zzz: 'b'}}}
```

## Related projects

You might also be interested in these projects:

* [isobject](https://www.npmjs.com/package/isobject): Returns true if the value is an object and not an array or null. | [homepage](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/isobject)
* [kind-of](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kind-of): Get the native type of a value. | [homepage](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/kind-of)
* [rename-keys](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rename-keys): Modify the names of the own enumerable properties (keys) of an object. | [homepage](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/rename-keys)

## Contributing

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/deep-rename-keys/issues/new).

## Building docs

Generate readme and API documentation with [verb](https://github.com/verbose/verb):

```sh
$ npm install verb && npm run docs
```

Or, if [verb](https://github.com/verbose/verb) is installed globally:

```sh
$ verb
```

## Running tests

Install dev dependencies:

```sh
$ npm install -d && npm test
```

## Author

**Jon Schlinkert**

* [github/jonschlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert)
* [twitter/jonschlinkert](http://twitter.com/jonschlinkert)

## License

Copyright © 2016, [Jon Schlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert).
Released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/deep-rename-keys/blob/master/LICENSE).

***

_This file was generated by [verb](https://github.com/verbose/verb), v0.9.0, on May 02, 2016._

Commit message:

generate readme documentation with verb

README.md, after:

# deep-rename-keys [![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/deep-rename-keys.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/deep-rename-keys) [![NPM monthly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/deep-rename-keys.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/deep-rename-keys)  [![NPM total downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/deep-rename-keys.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/deep-rename-keys) [![Linux Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/jonschlinkert/deep-rename-keys.svg?style=flat&label=Travis)](https://travis-ci.org/jonschlinkert/deep-rename-keys)

> Recursively rename the keys in an object.

## Install

Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```sh
$ npm install --save deep-rename-keys
```

## Usage

```js
var rename = require('deep-rename-keys');

var obj = rename({a: {a: {a: 'b'}}}, function(key) {
  if (key === 'a') return 'zzz';
  return key;
});
//=> {zzz: {zzz: {zzz: 'b'}}}
```

## About

### Related projects

* [isobject](https://www.npmjs.com/package/isobject): Returns true if the value is an object and not an array or null. | [homepage](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/isobject "Returns true if the value is an object and not an array or null.")
* [kind-of](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kind-of): Get the native type of a value. | [homepage](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/kind-of "Get the native type of a value.")
* [rename-keys](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rename-keys): Modify the names of the own enumerable properties (keys) of an object. | [homepage](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/rename-keys "Modify the names of the own enumerable properties (keys) of an object.")

### Contributing

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](../../issues/new).

### Building docs

_(This project's readme.md is generated by [verb](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), please don't edit the readme directly. Any changes to the readme must be made in the [.verb.md](.verb.md) readme template.)_

To generate the readme, run the following command:

```sh
$ npm install -g verbose/verb#dev verb-generate-readme && verb
```

### Running tests

Running and reviewing unit tests is a great way to get familiarized with a library and its API. You can install dependencies and run tests with the following command:

```sh
$ npm install && npm test
```

### Author

**Jon Schlinkert**

* [github/jonschlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert)
* [twitter/jonschlinkert](https://twitter.com/jonschlinkert)

### License

Copyright © 2017, [Jon Schlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert).
Released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

***

_This file was generated by [verb-generate-readme](https://github.com/verbose/verb-generate-readme), v0.4.3, on April 03, 2017._
